{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs40 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Onboarding\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The project I\'92m sharing with you is a four week team project on from IBM Design\'92s Bootcamp. Design Bootcamp is IBM\'92s new hire training where designers work with other design disciplines in fast paced projects.\'a0I\'92m sharing this specific project because it is an internal design solution we aren\'92t selling.\'a0\
\
This presentation was originally 15 minutes long, and showcases final deliverables alongside some research. I\'92m going to talk through the presentation for you at a very high level in the next 5 minutes to provide some context.\
\
I was one of 2 visual designers, and I worked alongside 2 UX designers and 1 UX researcher.\'a0\
\
Our design poses solutions for the currently messy and fragmented way IBM onboard new talent. We were one of three teams tackling this problem. Their assigned user was the new hire. Our user was an IBM manager.\'a0\
\
We were constantly communicating with our project stakeholders. They were a team of HR employees internal to IBM who were essentially our customers for this project.\
\
We spent a week defining our hill, which is IBM Design jargon for a Design Statement that identifies your user, what you\'92re enabling them to do, and the differentiating factor in your design\'97 or the Wow. So, something they\'92re not currently able to do today.\
\
We developed a persona, based on interviews with 6 managers.\
\
We collected quotes and developed insights you\'92ll see later about how managers and new hires struggle to communicate and find transparency in the onboarding process. Managers especially lose confidence and feel stress in this application/acceptance period.\
\
I\'92m going to walk you through the interface real quick. These are high fidelity screens with research and insights intersperced. So I\'92ll show what we made, and why we made it.\
\
The visual direction was partly determined by two other teams who worked in this project space with our team. The bee is a funny nod to IBM\'92s bee rebus, and the color purple was a warmer alternative to the stock blue IBM often uses internally.\'a0\
\
The User Interface work you\'92ll see was divided between me and the other designer. We developed the look & feel & grid together. He specifically created the persona illustration, I created the emails and the deck. We referenced the IBM visual design language for all parts.\
\
Our manager Fran has her first point of contact through IBM Verse, the email client. Once she enters the tool, she can see her new hire\'92s progress laid out step by step, with the point person for each step.\
\
We heard from our research that managers felt out of the loop, and wanted a clear and holistic view of the process.\
\
So here we demonstrate how Fran, when posed a question about relocation, can go into the tool and connect her New Hire to an clearly defined HR representative at any step without having to hunt through her contacts.\
\
Another thing we heard is that manager didn\'92t feel like the detailed logistics of the process was part of their job. They wanted to input their preferences but not be responsible.\
\
In these wires we show Fran using the tool to select her preferred start date for her new hire\'97 and unlike today, she doesn\'92t have to take care of any coordination beyond that. It\'92s clear to her who\'92s responsible for it.\
\
So lastly, we discovered managers believe their unique value add is in relationship building. We wanted the tool to facilitate that part of their job.\
\
The tool prompts them at certain stages to assign internal mentors on their team. The tool recommends a match that the manager can override if she wants to.\
\
This part of the presentation details the implementation of the experience.\
\
So\'85 how it integrates into the existing landscape\'85\
\
As well as how it can help Fran at more advanced levels of integration\'85\
\
and different kinds of managers and new hires than the specific ones we solved for.\
\
We conclude with some validating quotes from managers we validated our designs with.\
\
My biggest take away from this was how to use research techniques to synthesize a big quantity of information. I was satisfied with how we consistently tied the final wires we made to what we learned from users. How I would improve this is to have explored more visual identity directions with the other teams. We aligned quickly on the purple identity in a time crunch. I would have liked to explored more color and illustration directions and developed a more systematic identity we could expand to things like paper materials. My biggest contributions were obviously in the high fidelity stage, and I was also very involved in conducting interviews and writing insights.\'a0\
\
}