{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Woof (title slide)
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Task
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
:\
Millions of animals are currently in shelters and foster homes awaiting adoption. Design an experience that will help connect people looking for a new pet with the right companion for them. Help an adopter find a pet which matches their lifestyle, considering factors including breed, gender, age, temperament, and health status. Provide a high-level flow and supporting wire frames.\
\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
How are things now?
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
Recently, I heard my friend\'92s story. Anna, who recently fostered a sweet black lab named Peaches in Austin. She found the dog online and went to the shelter in person.\'a0\
\
It was only after she came home that she noticed Peaches behavior was rough around other dogs. \'a0A more experience owner might have been okay\'97 as a first time dog owner, she didn\'92t know how to handle her.\
\
She tried to make things work for a month, but ultimately she had to give Peaches back to foster care.\
\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What\'92s out there?
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
Web is a great tool to narrow down. Currently, the main country-wide tool out there is PetFinder, which allows you to query for dogs\'85 and read a paragraph of text\'85 and see a few photos. There are shelter-specific tools that are similar.\
\
(screen examples)\
\
\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
I sent out a survey via my Facebook network on the first night and got 18 responses. I wanted to know:
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
What was the most important thing people considered when adopting a dog?\
How far are people willing to go to adopt a pet?\
How long does the process take?\
\
18 is a very small swath\'97 what I heard confirmed what I assumed. Personality above all was the biggest thing. People also said things like:\
\
\'93I wanted to make sure it fit my lifestyle\'85\'94\
\'93My priorities.."\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
We can never replace the experience of spending time in person; what\'92s the closest we can do to represent these things online?
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
So I narrowed down my goal:
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
Create matches that are more proactive and take into a account the most pertinent information. Users get a sense of knowing the dog beyond a few photos.\
\
Create a connection experience that facilities trusting conversation between owners and shelters. Nothing replaces an in person information.\
\
Longterm: Provide a fully informed sense of each animal, reduce shelter returns.\
\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Spirit Animals
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
I considered analogous experiences like OkCupid, Airbnb to see how today\'92s popular services help users find the right fit and build trust.\
\
The current experience is only a little more personal than online shopping\'97 when really, it\'92s about compatibility between two things.\
\
Understanding if someone\'92s personality or behavior is the right fit for you and your lifestyle can be very nuanced.\'a0I referenced things from video games and online dating\'97 personality maps, profiles, compatibility ratings, word tags, and badges.\
\
In terms of tone, I wanted it to be playful and encouraging. The current tone is that of \'93rescuing\'94 dogs; it doesn\'92t acknowledge the joy or excitement that comes with finding a longtime family member.\
\
CoffeeMeetsBagel has fun presets for profiles. I liked the way slack light-heartedly integrates emoji. And I loved how Vine or Instagram give you quick peeks into the hyperactivity of animals.\
\
\
\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The product
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
The working name is WOOF!\'a0\
\
\
\
}