{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red220\green161\blue13;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c89412\c68627\c3922;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 \'97\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
Someone brought up, and I appreciate this, that they felt uncomfortable republishing someone else\'92s language they didn\'92t write. I thought this was a really great point and I want to ask us, How is this relevant to this class? The work that you are doing?\
\
What is the public, belonging to the public?\
At what point does the framing of plagiarism fall short? At what point does the framing even of appropriation fall short?\
\
\'93Remind me of a theory that some people in the past are afraid of taking photos since they think that it will take a part of their soul away... adding on to it, photography can be regarded as an objectifying process to classify\'a0people\'94 (Qiyang)\
\
Ruby and Adele and Joyce both brought up photography. How can gestures of art making mirror types of violence enacted in the world? \
\
What are the questions that people making work should be asking? \
Provenance, memory? Non metaphorical ghost? \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \'93Democratizing effect\'94 of information infrastructures, cybernetics, etc\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 In 2007 Jonathan Lethem published a pro-plagiarism, plagiarized {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://harpers.org/archive/2007/02/0081387"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 essay}} in 
\f2\i Harper\'92s 
\f1\i0 titled, \'93The Ecstasy of Influence: A Plagiarism.\'94 It\'92s a lengthy defense and history of how ideas in literature have been shared, riffed, culled, reused, recycled, swiped, stolen, quoted, lifted, duplicated, gifted, appropriated, mimicked, and pirated for as long as literature has existed. Lethem reminds us of how gift economies, open-source cultures, and public commons have been vital for the creation of new works, with themes from older works forming the basis for new ones. Echoing the cries of free-culture advocates such as Lawrence Lessig and Cory Doctorow, he eloquently rails against copyright law as a threat to the lifeblood of creativity. From Martin Luther King Jr.'s sermons to Muddy Waters\'92s blues tunes, he showcases the rich fruits of shared culture. He even cites examples of what he had assumed were his own \'93original\'94 thoughts, only later to realize\'97usually by Googling\'97that he had unconsciously absorbed someone else\'92s ideas that he then claimed as his own.\
\
What is shared culture here?\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 It\'92s Not Plagiarism. In the Digital Age, It\'92s \'91Repurposing.\'92
\f1\b0 \
\
How does it make you feel when someone says democratizing information?\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \'93Clearly, not everyone agrees. Recently, after I finished giving a lecture at an Ivy League university, an elderly, well-known poet, steeped in the modernist tradition, stood up in the back of the auditorium and, wagging his finger at me, accused me of nihilism and of robbing poetry of its joy. He upbraided me for knocking the foundation out from under the most hallowed of grounds, then tore into me with a line of questioning I\'92ve heard many times before: If everything can be transcribed and then presented as literature, then what makes one work better than another? If it\'92s a matter of simply cutting and pasting the entire Internet into a Microsoft Word document, where does it end? \'93\
\
\
How can we both critique repurposing as well as critique the gatekeeping on originality at the same time? Critiquing intellectual as well as other kinds of property?\
\
SciHub and Pirates Bay\
\
~~~~~~\
\
What is your reading of this?\
\'a0Black artists and writers\'a0 of colour do not disappear because critiques\'a0 of whiteness are entered into modernism/ avant-garde/conceptualism. \
\
\
There is another instrumentality for POCs and\'a0 Black women, and that is for white people to take\'a0 the processes and concepts of our work and turn\'a0 them into the grounds for their careers, as niches\'a0 on the job market, as beacons of a magical\'a0 singularity that had no presence or expression in\'a0 them before they absorbed our light. To make our\'a0 stuff into \'91a thing\'92 that they do, theorize, brand\'a0 and perform. But here is notice: you cannot do what I do because you do not love who I love.\
\
\'a0Tisa Bryant\
\
~~~~~~\
\
A pushback against IP \
Museums colonial instruments\
\
\
\
In the name of democracy\
\
Let\'92s talk about appropriation.\
\
\
\
Appropriation appreciation > valid convo, but also a side show\
\
Intellectual property\
And material property\
\
Looking to see what the gesture mirrors. Is there a hard and cut rule? What questions should artists ask themselves? \
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 It\'92s Not Plagiarism. In the Digital Age, It\'92s \'91Repurposing.\'92
\f1\b0 \
\
Marjorie Perloff\uc0\u8232 She posits that today\'92s writer resembles more a programmer than a tortured genius, brilliantly conceptualizing, constructing, executing, and maintaining a writing machine.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
}